According to WIMS, "Women In Move Solutions (WIMS) is a world class women empowerment project. WIMT is an ERC20 Token powering WIMS blockchain ecosystem crafted to eliminate global gender inbalance in ICT. WIMS refers to a global blockchain based community engaged in different blockchain businesses for empowering women"(source:https://wims.io/)

The purpose of this document is lay a foundation for global share holding for any interested person. The vote and decision making, eligibility to 
work at WIMS will require interested persons to own and hold WIMS share by owning WIMTs which are universally available via wimsbytetrade.com.

Procedures:
----------

1. Any WIMS voting, member or key stakeholder is to have 1000WIMTs as a minimum. 1000WIMT  will be equal to 1 WIMT Vote(WV) 
and 1 WIMT Vote will be equal to 1 stake i.e 1WS (WIMT Stake) = 1000WIMT = 1 vote. Entry level membership requires 1WS/1000WIMT/1WV.

2. Other WIMS operations and structures will define theiry minimum WS or WV meaning Stakes/Votes required by members to have in order to operate.

3. Where to get WIMT tokens. All WIMT tokens as of now should be transacted only ate https://wimsbytetrade.com because this is the secure platform
which transfers original WIMT tokens with zero transaction fees.

4. How much is 1000WIMT? According to the updated WIMS white paper as of April 2020, the WIMT Token is to be sold and bought for $0.01(https://wims.io)
This therefore means 1WS = $10.00 = 1000WIMT. 

5. How to obtain votes at WIMS. Anyone is to purchase 1000WIMT from https://wimsbytetrade.com, meaning one has to create a wallet there first and 
then transfer $10 to WIMS USDT address $10. 1 USDT is equal to 1 USD. 

The beauty of this is that WIMS can verify all  members world wide via their usernames and also determine how many votes each has.

Another advantage of this arrangement made possible by ByteTrade blockchain is that this process helps WIMS fund raise for its various coming 
activities.

Questions/Answers
-----------------

a) 
Q: Is there a need for anyone to be really a member of WIMS?
A: Yes it is needed. Get free, or discounted services or products of WIMS by holding at least 1 Vote. This will save yourself money and open yourself 
to employment, access to loans, eligibility to holding posts at WIMS. The higher and more powerful the post one will have at WIMS for example,
loan distributions, will require more Votes/Stakes for a members. This is a governance security option.

b) 
Q: I have WIMT Tokens but they are on ethereum network? Should I buy new ones at https://wimsbytetrade.com?
A: No. WIMT tokens running on ethereum created from this Smart Contract Address 0x115170eb12107c377046eaed6e0d7179505ce6d1 (check on etherscan) are 
valid WIMT Tokens. All what you need to do is to transfer 1000WIMT to your https://wimsbytetrade.com wallet. If you need more votes then transfer more.

c)
Q: Can I buy WIMT from friends on metamask, ledgerdex, or other exchanges?
A: For security reasons buy from https://wimsbytetrade.com WIMT tokens so that WIMS can trade your votes. Again should a fraudster targets you
and send you tokens that are fake, wimsbytetrade will rejects your votes/stakes. 

If you have a friend with WIMT tokens from their other wallets and they want to sell them to you, then only buy or trade these at https://wimsbytetrade.com
It is safe there.

d)
Q: I just want to donate to WIMS and I am not interested in shares or anything, what should I do?
A: You are welcome to empower women globally by donating to WIMS projects and company. We assure you money distribution be it donations,
interests generated from platforms and profits will be distributed as per WIMS distribution public document found here at github. Encourage others
to grow this project by donations, services, tools, ideas, etc.


--------------------------------------------------------









